ChoAn Data Processing Software --- User Manual
By Team 5

Running the Main Accounting Procedure

	Typically run automatically once per week, but for demo can be
	selected by manager
	
	1) Assuming Member and/or Provider Record(s) exist in memory, select
	   option (1) Manager Terminal by typing "1" and enter.
	
	2) Next, to select "Run Main Accounting Procedure", again type "1" 
	   and enter.
	
	3) All reports for all records should now be available in the local
	   directory. 
	   
	   
Producing Individual Member Reports
	
	At any time, a ChocAn manager may request to have a report made
	for any active ChocAn member for that week. To do so, take the
	following steps:
	
	1) Assuming Member and/or Provider Record(s) already exist in memory,
	   select option (1) Manager Terminal by typing "1" and enter.
	
	2) Next, select "Print Individual Report" by typing "2" and enter.

	3) To select the report type as Member Report, type "1" and enter.
	
	4) Next, you will be prompted to enter the 9-Digit member number of the
	   member whose report you wish to print. 
	   
	5) If records existed for the member number entered previously, a report
	   for that member should now be located in the local file directory.
	   Otherwise, no report will be produced and the system will exit.
	   
	
Producing a Provider Report and EFT Data

	General Notes: All input provided by the user to produce a
	Provider Report should be given by the numeric keypad. If an
	invalid selection is made, the terminal will be aborted.
	
	1) Login to the Manager Terminal by entering "1" and pressing
	enter.
	
	2) Select "Print individual report" by entering "2" and pressing
	enter.
	
	3) Select the "Provider Report" type by entering "2" and pressing
	enter.
	
	4) Enter the provider number of the desired provider to be printed
	and press enter.
	
	5) The user will be prompted to check their system for the
	produced Provider Report and corresponding EFT Data. If the
	provider number entered was invalid, then the user will be
	prompted and no Provider Report or EFT Data will be produced.

Manage Member Records
    
    1) Login to the Operator Terminal by entering "1" in the main menu
    
    2) Select Member by entering "1"
    
    3.1.1) To add a new member, enter "1" then follow the prompts to enter each field of information.
    3.1.2) The new member is now added to the existing records and you will be returned to the main menu.
	
	3.2.1) To edit an existing member, enter "2" to select the "Edit Member" option then enter the member number
	for the member account to be modified.
	3.2.2) Next, choose an attribute from the list to edit or enter "4" to exit to the main menu.
	3.2.3) Enter the new value of the attribute to be changed and press enter.
	3.2.4) The attribute has been changed to its new value and you will be returned to the main menu.
	
	3.3.1) To delete an existing member, enter "3" to select the "Delete Member" option then enter the member
	number for the member account to be deleted.
	3.3.2) The given member account has been deleted and you will be returned to the main menu.

Verify Member 

	When you're in the provider terminal to process a service or in the manager terminal to 
	print an individual member report, system will request you to enter
	the appropriate member number, and it will verify the member number you entered was 
	valid or not. If the member number entered was invalid, an error message 
	will be printout and exit. 
	For a member to be valid, they first need to be added by an operator and 
	assigned a number.
	 
	To add or edit a member you need to:
	
	1) Login to the Operator Terminal by type "2" and enter.
	
	2) Then select "Member" by type "1" and enter.
	
	3) Then you can either choose to "Add Member" by type "1", 
	or choose to "Edit member" by type"2", or choose to "delete Member"
	by type "3" and enter. 

Produce Service Record

	Each provider need to produce service record in order to let manger to
	check and print out each report. By doing so, you need to login to the 
	Provider Terminal by typing "3" and enter. Then just follow the instructions
	to type in the information needed for the Service Record fields.

Produce Provider Form

	Each provider has its own list/record of services provided in the form of provider
	forms. In order to add a form one must access the provider terminal. To access
	the provider terminal you just need to log in to it by typing "3" at the main
	menu and pressing enter. Once you are logged in you simply need to follow the
	instructions given by the program to produce the form and add it to the record.

Manage Provider Records
	
	In order to manage provider records one needs to select the Operator Terminal
	from the main menu by typing "2" and pressing enter. Once logged in the terminal will
	ask you what type of record you are working with. Select Provider, and then in the
	next menu select whether you want to Add, Edit, or Delete an entry. Follow the
	instructions given by the program in order to perform the action that you want.
	
Task Distribution:
	Julian Diaz		: 11343674	: 20 hours
	Michael Hall		: 11533484	: 20 hours
	Zach Humphries	: 11345856	: 20 hours
	Hansheng Li		: 11577987	: 20 hours
	Trenton Whalen	: 11643273	: 20 hours

	Task 1:
		Classes were divided among team members and then implemented. Most coding was
		done during group meetings to ensure communication among team members.
		Authorship was shared among team members for more difficult classes (and is
		shown in the JavaDocs).

		JD:20%	MH:20%	ZH:20%	HL:20%	TW:20%

	Task 2:
		JUnit unit tests were assigned to team members such that no team member had
		authorship in the class they tested. All JUnit unit tests tested for at least
		success and failure. All classes passed their unit tests.

		JD:20%	MH:20%	ZH:20%	HL:20%	TW:20%

	Task 3:
		Use cases for the program were divided among team members. Each team member
		wrote the instructions for their corresponding use case in the User Manual.
		JavaDocs were written for each class by the primary author of that class.
		Julian made the necessary changes to the class diagram. Trenton wrote the task
		distribution description.

		JD:20%	MH:20%	ZH:20%	HL:20%	TW:20%

